# Aegis
Aegis possesses the ability of flight and an augmented physiology that operates at peak capacity as long as he is still living.His entire biology is filled with so many redundancies and reinforcements that it makes it very difficult to put him down. For example: blinding him allows him to see by sensing light through his skin, cutting his throat bleeds no more than cutting the back of his hand, cutting off an arm would only last until he could get it reattached and stabbing him in the heart means that other organs would take its place. Aegis could survive decapitation.

During the Wards' confrontation of the Undersiders at the bank, Aegis survived being slammed into the ground hard enough to kill an ordinary person and stood back up after less than a second. Angelica held him in her mouth and whipped him around like a toy, but he kept fighting. After Brutus and Angelica played a game of tug of war with his body, Kid Win hit them with a series of bolts from his Alternator Cannon, blasting the three of them into the opposite building. It took the dogs some time to get up, but Aegis is in the air immediately. 

Aegis' augmented physiology allows him to abuse his body in ways that make him appear to possess supernatural strength. He can throw punches hard enough that they’d break his hand, mangle his joints and tear his muscles, and his body will take it. He can further enhance his strength by undergoing adrenaline rushes that he can keep going for hours. This has the further side effect of making it so that he never gets tired. He is able to deliver a two-handed blow to Brutus' snout that knocked him over onto his side.

In addition to his flight and augmented physiology, Aegis does not seem to feel pain, although his powers allow him to deal with the drawbacks. It is left unclear if Aegis truly possessed a congenital insensitivity to pain (CIP) or if he simply has an incredible ability to simply "deal" with the sensation. Strictly speaking with his adaptive brute ability Aegis would be able to defeat Glory Girl.
