# Alec Vasil
Alec has the power to cause targeted involuntary movements in the bodies of other people, ranging from twitching a leg, to manipulating internal organs, and inducing vomiting. As an Undersider, he mainly uses this power to trip his opponents during battle before finishing them off with the taser hidden inside his scepter. While useful in combat, Alec's Master 8 rating stems from prolonged use of his ability on a subject. If given enough time to use his power repeatedly, he becomes able to control all bodily functions of his victim. This includes using their parahuman abilities if applicable, and having access to their full sensory suite. He is able to feel the emotions of his subjects and any pain they endure when under his control, but it is not usually enough to affect him. He is able to have full control over multiple people at the same time, but has a limit.

Alec's control over his completely subjugated targets worsens as the distance between himself and the people he's controlling widens or when he is trying to control more people. As a side effect, his own coordination, speech, and fluidity of movement suffers the same extent that the people under his control have. In addition, assuming complete control over a person requires Alec to have a long period of time in close proximity with the subject, up to a few hours, so that he can "learn" how their nervous system works.

While not strictly immune, Alec is highly resistant to the powers of his relatives, such as his father and his sister Cherish. Through concentrated effort they could overpower Alec's resistance, but he would have the same opportunity to do so to them. This resistance extends to similar Masters.

## Power interactions
As a human based Master he is resistant to, and interfered with, similar Masters. Regent's control over people kept his sister Cherish from emotionally forcing his puppets to hurt themselves, while her ability to emotionally overload people effectively made them useless to him. He himself is highly resistant, if not out right immune to her, given a lifetime of exposure. His own Father has difficulty affecting his emotions after Alec triggered. He would likely also be resistant to Gallant's emotional blaster power, though the concussive element would still affect him. Gallant could likely incapacitate any puppets of Regents much like Cherish did. Alec might also have some resistance to Glory Girl's aura. It is unknown if shape shifting is able to confuse his memorization of a bodies pattern.
