# Coil
## Power
From his perspective, Coil's power grants him the ability to 'split' the world into two timelines. He is then able to do whatever he likes in either timeline, collapsing the timeline that is least ideal and keeping the timeline that he wants. In actuality, his power isn't one that creates multiple timelines, but is instead a powerful form of precognition. His power simulates the two possible timelines Coil would go through in vivid detail, then predicts which timeline Coil will choose to keep. Coil's power then "autopilots" him through the actions he takes in the timeline that he chooses, lasting until the end of the timeline, at which point he can use his power again.

In practice, Coil's power allows him to first attempt two different courses of action, then pick the timeline he wants to keep while retaining all knowledge from the other timeline. In this way, he is able to test his plans in different permutations before acting upon them, allowing him to make the most informed decision that he could. This is, however, limited by the fact that time still moved forward in his timelines, preventing him from simply simulating the entire day ahead of time and proceeding from there. No matter what, Coil is forced to pick one of his timelines.

Tattletale could not determine if his power worked via actual timeline creation or simulations. Despite her knowing about his power, Coil managed to trick her into thinking he is planning to assassinate Taylor during the job with the mayor. He provided the wrong data and signals to her power by actively committing to the deed in one reality (i.e., the one he would not keep), and then emulating that reality near-perfectly in the reality that he would keep before changing his mind at the last minute.

Sources of causality interference, such as other precognitives, can discombobulate and interfere with his power. For example, Coil's power stops working as tidily if Dinah answers question(s) in a different timeline: he can potentially be forced to "accidentally" commit to timelines for a while after, especially those that he does not want. Thus, he is unable to ask Dinah endless questions in different timelines; note that her daily allocation of questions would still be shared across timelines. Wildbow speculates that his power encountering a blind spot to the typical Thinker precognition (e.g., Entities, trigger events, Endbringers, Eidolon, etc.) would give him a headache and shut down his power for a while after. Being stuck in one timeline and unable to use his power while they are present is presumably why Wildbow also speculates that Coil would not be in a situation where a blind spot fails to accurately show up in one of his timelines.

If he falls under the control of a Master such as Khepri in a timeline, he might be forced into keeping that timeline if ordered to.

## Tactics
Coil is extremely careful, keeping track of everything that goes on, even going so far as to regularly have one timeline where he works through the night while sleeping in another just so he is kept aware of all possible developments. This allows him to maintain and increase his knowledge base while remaining physically healthy. Using this, he is able to come up with and execute an extensive list of contingencies, reinforcing his base of operations against possible external and internal threats, keeping his identity secret, and executing plans that go off without a hitch. On top of all this, he keeps information about his power under wraps, preventing his adversaries from planning around it.

With careful usage of his power and extensive manipulation, Coil became one of the most powerful supervillains in Brockton Bay, eventually taking over the entire city with the help of his subordinates. Throughout his career, he employed a variety of supervillain teams and independent supervillains, including the Undersiders, the Travelers, Über and Leet, Circus, Chariot, and Trainwreck. In addition, he could hire Faultline's Crew or even mercenary capes from Boston and New York as needed. He is also the head of a large unpowered mercenary force that he outfitted with top-of-the-line gear, including tinkertech rifles.

He is in the habit of torturing people for information in alternate realities.

## The Plan
Coil's plan to take over Brockton Bay is a long time coming and involved numerous plans and steps. He would have been able to adapt it has different circumstances arisen.
