# Echidna
Echidna consumes tissue and 'evolves' body parts, varying from wolf-like heads to legs. When she comes into contact with a lifeform, she will vomit a clone of it that is stronger and more violent than the original. If she maintains contact with the original, she can produce clones of them at will. If she clones a parahuman, the clone will possess either a stronger or modified version of the original's powers.

Echidna's clones are usually physically tougher than the original, resistant to pain and injury. They vary based on how long she spent creating them - clones that are produced too rapidly are fragile, half-formed and missing body parts, while clones that are held inside too long are heavily mutated to the point of having difficulty moving. Even the most human-looking clones are visibly different from the original. 

Echidna can also create hostile versions of rats, insects, spiders, and other organisms that she absorbs, and can mutate fungi and bacteria into a form that temporarily debilitates anyone she captures. Anyone Echidna touches is absorbed and, if a parahuman, has their powers suppressed. Anyone ingested also experiences vivid hallucinations based on the worst moments of their lives. 

Tattletale considers Echidna to be as physically strong as Leviathan, though not as durable. She is able to move quite fast despite her size, with powerful legs that carry her body. While seemingly indestructible due to her quick regeneration, she can be damaged and killed. Echidna has a core in her lower body, and anything cut away from this core will deteriorate and die. Anything left attached to the core will rapidly regenerate. If Echidna's core is destroyed, the rest of her is destroyed as well.

Echidna has a thinker ability that interprets parahumans through "smell." She can smell across the city, meaning it can serve as a powerful tracking aid, and can help to identify the powers parahumans have to facilitate planning the creation of clones. She can rank parahumans by "intensity" of smell and identify untriggered parahumans. Through this, she can recognize parahumans with altered shard connections, such as those with a double trigger, second trigger, or an otherwise complex shard relationship.

It is likely that Echidna's power is affected by the fact that Echidna is administered only half of a dose of a Cauldron vial; her unstable temperament and monstrous lower body were probably not in the intended spectrum of effects. Oliver, who drank the other half of the dose, may have received the portion of the power intended to moderate and control these effects.
