# Kaiser
Max's power allows him to create metal objects – blades, beams, bludgeons, sheets, tubes, spears, needles etc – which extend from solid surfaces around him. He has a large range where he can use his powers. The blades summoned are described as iron or steel, seemingly interchangeably. He is able to summon blades from virtually any surface but it is unknown if summoning them over a metal surface is easier.

His power creates a rippling energy effect as it creates metal, and at least sometimes creates a metallic grinding sound.

Kaiser can pull an astonishing amount of material into existence without regard for conservation of mass. It is usually created fast enough to injure the unwary, even when creating a column the size of an 18 wheeler; although his ability proceeded very slowly when he attempted generating a massive blade 20 feet across, and is noticeably slower when he summoned a thicket of solid columns of steel rather than blades to block Leviathan's path. He could manifest a spear with enough force to penetrate Lung's armor.

He is limited by the Manton effect, rendering him unable to generate metal inside another person's body. Kaiser can still shape complex structures, including walls of blades, pyramidal traps, around and near people. This also lets him give someone metal armor like he did for his sister. He did this by creating large numbers of intricate overlapping structures which extrude from each other to form a larger whole, linked with extremely thin connections that were then snapped off to allow for free movement. The Manton limit doesn't stop him from summoning blades up and through people's feet.
