# Marquis
Marquis' powers involve the manipulation of bone - his own and, if it became exposed enough for him to see, that of his enemies. If it is his own, he could make it grow or shrink, reshape it and multiply it, although it grew harder the longer it is separated from him. His abilities with the bones of others were limited to simple reshaping or breaking. However, if it's bone that has been separated from him, he can exhibit the fine control he has if it is connected to him if he is in physical contact with it.

His bone constructs can become harder that steel, are very quick to deploy, and is capable of shielding him from Lung's flames.

He is remarkably versatile and inventive in his use of bone. He could project bone spikes and spears from every inch of his pores, no thicker than a needle, up to and over twelve to fifteen feet. He can create shields of bone taller and wider than he is to defend against attacks and lasers. He could turn broken-off shards of bone into caltrops with "ultrafine needle points" that would penetrate shoes. He could use his power to burrow underground or through floors and attack from beneath the ground. He could cause his bone constructs to 'explode', sending bone shrapnel over an area to injure or even kill opponents, which also allowed him to manipulate these scattered fragments to attack from multiple angles and grants him a lot of tactical environmental control over a battle. He could send bone through the ground or ceiling to spring out and trap his enemies with a "cylinder" or cage. He could create a giant scythe from his wrist, or a "ripple of bone" from his toes that knocked opponents off their feet with, or a rapier from his fingertip. He could create bat wings of bone and fly, manipulating holes in the wings to change air resistance as needed. He is also capable of creating larger imitations of a human limb bones, such as a giant skeletal hand from his wrist to push and separate people. He has also covered himself in a set of ornate, decorative armour, with the only gaps being vertical slits at his eyes and mouth which were small enough that Taylor couldn't fit any bugs through.

He is fully capable of taking on a squadron of Empire Eighty-Eight members and walking away. He is also able to take on most of the Brockton Bay Brigade, who would become New Wave, at the same time; although he allowed himself to be injured to protect his daughter.

Every time the bones connected to him break, he feels the appropriate level of unspeakable agony, but he trained himself not to show even the slightest sign of it. Marquis also has minor regenerative ability that caused his cuts to seal shut when his bones retracted, even ones he has made by means other than his osteokinesis. However, it seemingly has no effect on the burns, like those caused by Brandish's power.

He has what Glaistig Uaine called the "Shaper" faerie, which she claimed is on a par with her own and the Queen Administrator, and would "clean up after we are all done here, one way or another". Panacea's budded from his, and is not related to Bonesaw in any way.
