# Moord Nag
Moord Nag's power, near as anyone can tell, is an enormous living shadow named Aasdier that follows her around. It has an instinctual reaction to anything that could possibly harm her, it bases this off of intent and it will even destroy attempts to investigate himself or his master. Aasdier gained an ongoing expansion of pursuance and stature when it ingested humans, dead  or possibly alive. Originally, he could fit in the palm of her hand and was very weak, by 2011, it was large enough for her to ride on. It switches out various skulls, including bovine, humanoid, avian, rodent, serpentine and crocodilian all scaled up to fit the size of Aasdier. It is unknown if these are added or a feature of Aasdier himself.

It is unclear if there is an upper limit to how powerful Aasdier can become and how many lives he can take to fuel and empower himself, each absorption usually only gives him an extra teaspoon of mass or so. Aasdier can, however, lose mass with certain failures on the part of his host or other monumentally damaging effects, splitting or sectioning him apart is ineffective as he will simply reintegrate. Aasdier further shows some immunity to space-time effects. Moord Nag requests five thousand lives as her price for fighting an Endbringer (with the implication being that Aasdier needs that amount to be strong enough to challenge an Endbringer) so she was confident that she could use that amount. Despite being seemingly composed of smoke, Aasdier cannot go through walls, at least without destroying them first, the same effect that can kill people and bugs and scour the body of Endbringers.

Moord Nag's connection with Aasdier and by extension her shard are much like that of Breaker-type cape. They have a deep bond of trust.
