# Shatterbird
Shatterbird is a silica kinetic, having the ability to manipulate silicon through high-frequency sounds, giving her essentially perfect control over all glass, sand, and other siliceous compounds within multiple city blocks of her location. Often, she would use this ability to make every piece of glass in a city explode violently to announce the arrival of the Slaughterhouse Nine. She is able to achieve this much range because her power is transmitted and re-transmitted through the glass in a cascade effect.

Shatterbird has finer control of glass that is closer to her. She leveraged this ability to create projectile weapons or targeted storms of glass, fashion makeshift shields, and fly by controlling the glass in her costume. She could even use her power to shore up injuries with "constructs" made out of glass. Her range for these fine-tuned abilities is longer than Cherish's offensive range; Tattletale speculated that her fine movements were boosted by the presence of small pieces of glass, like those scattered all over the city when she announced her presence.

According to the Missing Interlude, she could hear sand, allowing her to detect people digging. She claimed that this is why she left Dubai.

Shatterbird's flying speed is lower than the speeds Siberian and Crawler could run at.Her power is subject to the Manton Effect, and couldn't affect plants. Shatterbird's power is reliant on ultrasonic frequencies generated by her and the glass she controlled. This made her vulnerable to powers that could cancel out that frequency and soundproofing.

Bonesaw also modified members of the Nine with various "safeguards"; sheathing their vital organs and major arteries in a protective sub dermal mesh, further wire reinforcement is put into the skeleton to avoid broken bones, with special attention is paid to the organs and spine to keep them functioning. She also rendered her teammates resistant to her pathogens, and granting them artificial neurons which allowed them to make plans Cherish could not see, it is unknown if this could be adapted for other Master powers.
