# Taylor Hebert
Taylor possesses a form of telepathy that transmits and recieves information via. yet-unknown-channels that grants her total control over most arthropods. So although she usually controls a variety of insects, she can also control a number sea creatures such as Crabs, Lobsters, and Krill, some Mollusca like slugs and snails, and can even control certain in-body parasites such as heartworms.

## Double Trigger
According to Number Man, Taylor has has a Double Trigger, where a person triggers twice back-to-back; the sheer trauma of her first trigger causing a second one. As such, she is unable to have a Second Trigger to become more powerful, since she already has one.

has she not undergone this double trigger, her bug control would have been much cruder and less skilled, being like how Chicken Little controls birds but with insects instead.

Based off what has been shown of Aiden's control, this could likely mean that she'd be unable to precisely operate and her insects, instead controlling them more like a 'wave' that she 'pushes' and 'pulls' using a sort of invisible 'rally points' with the capacity to give additional orders like to attack on the way while the bugs are being drawn to the point, and likely cannot control them and co-opt their senses at the same time. Additionally, any fine and precise control of insects she does have would most likely be limited to either a single bug or at least a much smaller number than her full swarm, at the cost of becoming unable to have any control whatsoever of all the other insects in range, instead of being able to mircomanage and skillfully direct all the insects in her range like in the story proper. 

## Control
She can make her minions do things that they would not normally do, and push them to the limit where they end up harming themselves with how much effort they put in.She can make them destroy themselves to accomplish tasks, produce so much web silk that they physically couldn't produce any more or stinging while injecting little to no venom. She doesn't require "organized" insects. Once they leave her range and she stops controlling them, her bugs revert to their normal behavior patterns. However, if she has given a command to them while still in her range, she must intentionally dismiss the instruction she gave them or give them a new one, or else they will continue to fulfil their last command. This resulted in the accidental murder of Director Tagg when she is knocked unconscious, as her last order to 'sting him' is not interrupted by her, so her insects stung him to death without her able to stop them.

Her power designates what classifies as a "bug", and thus what she can control, during her Trigger Event based upon her understanding of the term and the human knowledge of parahuman hosts within Shard Network. As such, Taylor's notion of a 'bug' is nebulous and sometimes inaccurate. Her power doesn't work on creatures below a certain size, such as skin mites or nematodes, which prevents her from sensing people through the microsophic insects on or inside the human body, nor could her power affect squid. At different times, she speculated that she could control anything with an exoskeleton or shell -- which wouldn't explain how she could control earthworms -- and that it is the subject having a non-complex nervous system. It's possible that she could control bugmen, depending on their brain makeup and chemistry. However, she could not control bug-like Case 53s, Breed's creatures, or any insects cloned by Echidna.
At one point, Taylor attempted to distract a foe underwater by forming simulated bodies out of sea creatures.

She is able to control Atlas, a horse-sized beetle, and have her range extended with relay bugs by roughly three hundred feet around each relay. Both of these were courtesy of Panacea. Like all of her other bugs she saw them as tools, though Atlas did have some sentimental value.

## Multitasking
Taylor has an almost limitless ability to focus on multiple insects at once, or to focus on other things while also using her insects. She can give general instructions, in which case she is only vaguely aware of their movements, or guide individual insects through complex tasks, in which case she is more precisely aware of their movements and environment. However, she could be distracted by the difficulty of focusing on her insects' senses, and by Panacea's modified insects providing contradictory signals.

Behind the scenes, Taylor's shard handles this multitasking so that she can independently control those in her swarm. Outside of this ability, Taylor's power does not give her augmented multitasking: despite controlling multiple swarm-clones wth her power, she is only capable of holding one conversation at a time. Her power can also perform actions automatically that Taylor did not intend to do. For example, Taylor is so focused on listening to a conversation that her bugs reacted to her irritation and revealed that she is eavesdropping. Her power would sometimes perform actions by habit, when she is incapacitated, or when she is in an altered mental state, without her conscious instruction.

## Emotions
Taylor would sometimes use her bugs to "channel" her emotions and body language, lending her an "aura of indomitable calm". This ability gives her a partial Anti-Thinker resistance, even against powerful Thinkers like Alexandria, Tattletale and Jack Slash, or Emotion-readers like Cherish. This can be seen with Alexandria's interrogation, when Taylor is able to attack Alexandria off-guard as the latter is not prepared because Taylor has offloaded all of her emotional and social cues into her bugs and thus appeared calmer than she truly is. Armsmaster's lie-detector and Cherish's power also has partially bad reads on her emotions, even Jack Slash can get incorrect reads on her. Even those close to her have trouble understanding her at times, even a powerful Thinker like Tattletale.

## Senses
The sensory input from her bugs is "fuzzy" and difficult for humans to interpret. She can sporadically hear and see clearly, but the "signal quality" is unreliable.

Practicing doesn't seem to produce results. However, over time, Taylor does learn to more reliably hear through her bugs. In her last day as Skitter she is unable to understand a phone message heard with her bugs, but is able to identify it is a recording. She is only able to discern tone of voice at "rare moments". Her ability to interpret sensory data from her insects seems to increase during periods of stress that match the emotions of her Trigger Event: in one such instance, she is able to clearly see and hear everyone in a room and beyond in detail with just a single butterfly, identifying both her dad, the PRT officers, details of their appearance, what room in the house they were in, and what exactly they were saying.

Based on the combined sensory input of large numbers of insects, Taylor can gain a very clear mental picture of whatever they're interacting with. She can also sense the biology and location of every bug she can control. This gives her enhanced aim and the ability to dodge attacks with supernatural reaction times. However, in environments where bugs are scarce, or when dealing with materials that they don't interact with well, her image of the area can become less reliable.

Taylor also receives some knowledge of her bugs' biology from her power, giving her an understanding of their limits, capabilities and the effects of adaptions such as any venom they have.

## Range
Taylor has a limited range around, above and below her, of about a tenth of a mile, and later about 3-4 city blocks with a block being 300 feet. During periods of stress that are close to the feelings of frustation and hopelessness she felt during her Trigger Event, it would increase, once reaching over six and a half blocks, which also came with her bugs responding faster to her commands and getting better at interpreting their senses, such as when she could clearly see and hear everyone in a room and beyond in detail with just a single butterfly. However, these power boosts are not permanent and will fade as her feelings return to normal, and with it her Range. Nevertheless, her base range did slowly increase over time as she won more conflicts; starting at two blocks radius early on, up to three blocks radius when she began to claim territory, and up to a base range of five blocks by the time she surrendered to the PRT, a fact supported by her in-depth Cast profile describing her range as being nine to fifteen hundred feet around her around her time as a warlord,which would extend if she felt 'trapped'. However, sometimes she would get increases in stressful situations even though she didn't feel 'trapped'; she later states that her power gets stronger when she feels either 'trapped', 'despair', or 'betrayed'. By the time she fights Behemoth as part of the Chicago Wards in India, she mentions that her range is now a radius of one thousand, eight hundred feet, which is roughly six blocks and makes her full range at the time to be double that at a three thousand, six hundred feet diameter.

She has a temporary range boost while in the area-of-effect of The Yàngbǎn's power-magnifying field, increasing her range by several blocks and growing, which she used to contact Phir Sē in his basement. The exact extent of her range increase under the field is not mentioned.

## Skills
Taylor has come up with a multitude of creative uses of her power. For example, she can produce and manipulate large quantities of spider silk, coat her insects in petroleum jelly and capsaicin to use them like pepper spray, deploy groups of bugs to create humanoid figures, mask her movements, and clear out rat infestations. She is able to catch containment foam on glass carried by her bugs and stick it to her attackers. She can disguise or project her voice by having her insects buzz and chirp together. Over a two year period she learned how to read braille so that she could read with her bugs.

She even has some tricks she wasn't consciously aware of learning. For example, she would occasionally use her bugs to cover her while she moved without noticing, making her difficult to track.

Taylor has an unusually high pain tolerance, which she blamed on her exposure to a pain-bomb of Bakuda's.

Post-Timeskip, she is an exceptionally accomplished martial artist; her bug-swarm-enhanced senses enable her to react to events faster than a normal human should be able to. She can easily defeat even other experienced parahumans in hand-to-hand combat. The boost to her senses and coordination due to her swarm also allows her exceptional accuracy with firearms. Personality-wise, she is noted to be cold, distant, exceptionally driven, and even ruthless by many characters.

## Classification
Taylor is rated by PRT analysts as a Master 5, which is later upgraded to an 8. A rating of Thinker 1 is officially added when Emily Piggot deduced she could see through her bugs in a limited fashion. Piggot suggested that this should be upgraded when Taylor admitted she came up with the plan to raid the PRT to stop Dragon and demonstrated the ability to anticipate incoming attacks through her bugs, but she is still classified as a thinker-one after Piggot has left office.

Later Director Tagg ordered for her to be treated as a Master 10, Thinker 3 with an additional rating of 2 in every other category; in order to make sure his soldiers didn't underestimate her and to authorize additional means of containing her.

Taylor's trigger event, which involved both an environmental stressor and a thinker stressor, led her primarily Master power to have Thinker and Shaker overtones.

## Khepri
In order to combat the end of the world during the Gold Morning, Taylor gave Panacea instruction and permission to remove the safety restrictions and regulations on her power through the Corona Pollentia and Gemma. The result of this is later known as "Khepri". Taylor's range became significantly reduced to a radius of three hundred feet, making her diameter double that at six hundred, which she could extend through the use of her relay bugs. While her control over insects is still present, and she could still sense their presence and have them react to her subconscious thoughts, this control is reduced in precision to an unknown extent, her bugs using more swarm tactics than her usual calculating attacks, nor could she communicate through her bugs. Furthermore, her size limit has increased, as she comments on there were bugs in her former swarm that are now too small for her to control.

To contrast this, Taylor gained a crude control of nearly every sapient and sentient creature that enters within nearly sixteen feet (fifteen point nine-eight feet to be precise) making her full range a diameter of nearly thirty-two feet. This most notably includes parahumans and, subsequently, humans, as well as a focused sense and awareness of their bodies. This range cannot be increased through periods of stress mirroring her original trigger event, as her Corona no longer connects to the parts of her brain related to emotions or similar concepts. She also slowly began to lose control and awareness of her own body, unable to communicate directly, move as fast or as well as she used to, only able to focus and perform one bodily function like breathing at a time, and losing touch with reality. Her Shard is able to to obtain some control over her body, emotions and thoughts, and would perform actions without her conscious or reflective command in an effort to help her, trying to learn how the two can work together. All of which grew worse as time went on and the barrier between Taylor and her Shard became thinner and blurred, losing understanding of what people were saying and interpreting all actions as conflict to fight.

This control is not automatic, and Taylor, in brief periods of lucidity, can choose not to control someone in her range. People who are in her control are capable of feeling emotion, perform steady breathing, feeling tense and perform slight, subconscious usage of their powers like Lung; all of which Taylor is capable of sensing, along with sensing other inner workings like their well-being, where a person is sore, how fit they were, and most importantly how their parahuman powers works. Taylor can also co-opt their senses like she did with her bugs, allowing her, for example, to see and hear through multiple people. However, the people are completely unable to move despite their feelings and attempts as they are, in Taylor's words, "Waiting for instructions". Any control that Taylor does exert on them is crude, but a bit more fluid than her control over her own body at that point, allowing Taylor to give them somewhat more precise commands. This ability also causes Taylor and those she controls to suffer shared experiences; feelings felt by one bringing up different memories from each person that are associated with those emotions, and those memories being exchanged between them and Taylor, as those she controls become an extension of herself. Control and senses over their parahuman powers is more precise and efficient, though Taylor remarks in the case of Bitch that controlling her would not give her any special knowledge of Bitch's whistles or commands, or her instinctive understanding of the dogs.

Taking command of Doormaker and Clairvoyant, Taylor is able to round up and control roughly five thousand two hundred Parahumans and over ten quadrillion insects from dozens of different Earths to combat Zion, using the latter to find parahumans and insects, and to keep track of the battle across alternative Earths, and the former to open portals within her range to other parahumans so that she can control them. Taylor comments that, has she the time, she could control over ten quintillion bugs; the total number of insects on the entirety of Earth. With these she coordinated the fight with Zion while launching a number of psychological attacks against him, taunting Zion with his dead partner, and sequestering a vast number of Tinkers away to construct a form of tinkertech interdimensional battering ram to kill The Warrior's main body when his avatar is destroyed and a portal is opened to it.

Though a full list of creatures Taylor can now control is unknown, there are a number of beings she cannot that is known. She could not control Zion or the Endbringers, nor the Three Blasphemies. She seemed to be unable to control Imp or Dragon for unstated reasons. She is temporarily able to control Glaistig Uaine, but she is able to escape Taylor's control by swapping the control on her over to one of her ghost projections. Finally, she did not control the Sleeper, though this is not due to an inability to control him but rather because doing so would be more troublesome than it is worth.

has Jack Slash been active at the time, his secondary power would be better at sabotaging her compared with the typical parahuman.

## Shard
Taylor's powers are the result of receiving a crippled Administrator shard from Scion. In its non-crippled form, Scion uses the Administrator to coordinate and control his shards such as deciding their configurations before handing them out. Unlike Eidolon's shard (i.e., Eden's counterpart shard to the Administrator) which can administrate shards, Scion intentionally cripples Taylor's shard before handing it out and even largely destroys it to completely prevent its host from using it in this fashion during the Cycle.

After being limited, the Administrator shard explicitly specializes in coordinating control over large numbers of smaller lifeforms. Thus, the powers that it hands out will generally have some Master element of controlling many minions.

Like Taylor, the Administrator shard has a drive for control: it desires to dominate all Earths and control everyone completely, including Taylor. Similar to the typical shard, the Administrator shard follows a set goal and is intrinsically conflict-oriented: it typically frames situations in context of violence. As a result, Taylor losing herself à la Khepri and giving the Administrator more control over her actions is not a good thing. After Scion's death, Taylor's shard agrees to release its remaining thralls because it realizes that acquiescing here would give it more control over Taylor and grind away at Taylor's sense of self. Indeed, has Contessa done nothing to Khepri or someone else (e.g., Defiant) has the final conversation with Khepri and then that individual failed to, as an example, kill/place Taylor in a coma, Taylor would have fully lost control: the Administrator would completely subsume Taylor's mind and then resume its plan to put everyone under its thrall.

Scion refers to Taylor's shard as Queen or the administrator shard. Contessa similarly calls this shard the administrator. Glaistig Uaine refers to Taylor's shard as queen administrator. She also claims that this shard is on par with her shard as a noble along with other shards such as those possessed by Amy and Eidolon.

Chevalier sees Taylor's power as a bright glowing membrane or network of cells surrounding her person, with an uncountable number of tendrils extending out. These tendrils were only made distinct by highlights rushing down them as she gave conscious direction to her bugs.
