# Theo Anders
Theo received martial arts training from Crusader though Crusader is initially dismayed with Theo's poor form, and further training for his powers under the mentor-ship of Weaver during their time with the Chicago Wards. Theo lost all his sparring matches with Weaver barring one near the deadline for the end of the world, which he suspects to be an intentional loss from Weaver in an attempt to encourage him.

Theo has the ability to embed his limbs into a surface in order to create larger versions some distance away from surfaces with a similar material. Theo is able to use this power with his face though this is not considered useful. The effect works more slowly the larger he works. Theo's power is not hampered by wearing gauntlets or boots as his powers extends through them, resulting in large gauntlets and boots being created when Theo sinks his limbs into surfaces while wearing his costume.

Theo's costume includes plates made from common materials, which allows him more mobility while using his powers. The material plates on his costume includes steel, iron, aluminum, woods, stone, brick, asphalt, concrete, and porcelain. Theo is able to sense the position of surfaces with materials similar to the ones touched by his limbs, and by touching the plates on his costume in succession he is able to create a mental map of the terrain. To prevent himself from being disarmed by Theo's powers, Jack Slash acquired a claymore and knife made from materials too different from the ones Theo has on his costume, which were likely made by a Mannequin clone.

His ability to create limbs and faces comes from his mother's powers while the mechanism itself comes from his father. Weaver took inspiration from Kaiser's use of his abilities to teach Theo how to use his, though she kept this a secret as Theo is unlikely to appreciate it.
