# Tristan Vera
Capricorn is a matter creator; both Tristan and Byron generate and shape glowing energy that they then transform into their respective element. These start out as motes that then have lines link up between them which then become their respective element. Tristan makes rock, Byron makes water. The rock can be used to create tools or something as big as a wall. These are never wholly what they want to be however. They can swap identities rapid fire if they have to. The swapping has mixed results as anti-master measure. But it has been known to affect physical forces, granting some maneuverability.

They are able to create enough material for things like a fort. And can shape the material around single objects and people. It is unknown if it can be safely carried out on living objects. What they can do is for Byron to spray people with water and then switch to Tristan to turn the water into rock and encase the subject. This switch can only happen if the shapes are "alive" with more energy to back it up. If they let it die a switch can not happen. Water evaporates and the stone easily crumbles.

Tristan and Byron possess different moderately enhanced physical abilities. Tristan has a 1.3 to 1.6 multiplier on the average strength of a human man his size.

Interestingly, their powers took on its present form after they has fully assumed their cape identity from the previous holder. Previously, Byron could create ice or suffocating gas rather than water, and Tristan initially formed metal. During Byron's imprisonment, Tristan created chains of spikes which moved of their own accord, lashing out at their surroundings. The properties of the matter they create seemed to be related to the brothers' relationship with each other.

After things were damaged in the Firmament during the battle against the Titans, Tristans power changed. Now instead of using orange motes to form stone constructions, Tristan uses red motes that result in ruined buildings being born. His constructions now come in surges, with a second and third surge pushing out from the first, in a destructive manner. However, his constructions are now significantly more flimsy than before, crumbling under their own weight.
