# Valefor
Valefor has a "hypnotic stare" - the ability to render anyone he looks at with his naked eyes stunned and suggestible to his commands. Although Accord and Skitter implied he did not require eye contact to use his hypnotic stare, Rain O'Fire Frazier and Victoria Dallon believed he did need eye contact to use this power. Mama Mathers and Valefor also implied he needs eye contact. After his defeat by the Undersiders, his page on the Parahumans Online wiki or other records mentioned how he is a hypnotist Master who needed eye contact.

He could use this ability to implant suggestions that trigger under particular circumstances or through direct orders; this included the memory of him even giving the order. Given this procedure, victims were often initially unaware they has been affected. Additionally, he can cancel previous orders through another spoken command. He is able to see Imp somehow; according to Tattletale, he might have other senses or augmented awareness to track victims. By looking himself in the eye via a mirror, Valefor could use his power on himself.

After the loss of the use of his eyes, his power seems to have shifted and given his words more weight than they once has. His voice power is largely unchanged from what is showcased before, but people are able to think of ways around his commands. Further, people can resist him if they don't think he is speaking directly to them. If Tristan or Byron heard a command, then the specific identity that heard Valefor would be affected. However, they could avoid Valefor's voice power by changing forms rapidly so that no one self heard the full command.

Valefor could use both his eyesight and voice powers after obtaining tinker-tech eyes from the Taught. However, he needs eye contact to use his eyesight power; despite looking directly at Love Lost, he could not apply his power until she opened her eyes and looked at him.

After Valefor commanded a visible Imp to kill her teammates, Regent hijacked Imp and has her attack Valefor. When Skitter is stunned and rendered suggestible by his hypnotic stare, her power still unconsciously carried out her intent to send bugs towards his eyes; Imp then stopped him from telling her to stop. If Valefor ordered a target to stop, and then a stumble or push moved the target later, this is enough to break that order. When he commanded Colt to commit suicide with his voice power, Chastity used her power to remove this order by slapping Colt.

The Graeae could swap body parts out so that if someone encountered Valefor with a body part (i.e. ears, eyes), he is only able to affect that body part's original owner. Cryptid's Dark Introspection form disconnects the mind from body; he could put his body on autopilot or leave it with instinctive actions. This countermeasure against Masters is effective against Valefor, allowing Cryptid to attack him and his group. Teacher requested Scapegoat to transfer Valefor's self-inflicted compulsion to someone inconsequential because he didn't want Valefor's loyalties divided.
