# Weld
Weld, as a Case 53, possesses a completely metallic physiology, and can willfully alter his shape and composition. His entire body is composed of various metals, down to his inner organs. This includes having silver bones as well as copper and gold internal organs. Due to his unique physiology, he is stronger and more durable than most - in his own words, 'practically untouchable in a fight'. His malleable physiology allows him to survive what would fatal injuries to a baseline human. He states he does not really have a heart.

Weld can rearrange the metals that form his body, separate them into their composite elements, and push the impurities to the surface of his skin. This allows him to handle metallic objects with his hands and teeth, as normally he bonds to metals he touches on contact. This assimilation effect is largely how he repairs damage to his body. He can also force parts of himself to melt and drop off, leaving a part of himself behind. This makes him distinctly uncomfortable until he replaces the tissue he's lost.  A further ability of his is to shift parts of his anatomy. He has been known to turn his arms into spears and hooks for combat. He is also able to shape his body to repair any damage he suffers. This shifting extends to his entire body, allowing him to tweak his appearance if he wants to look more imposing or wear a compatriot, at one point even changing his apparent gender.

Lastly, his powers are subject to a highly-favorable Manton Effect: powers that only affect organic beings tend to not affect him, and powers that only affect inorganic material also tend to not affect him. This allows him to resist being read by most powers that are organic-only or inorganic-only. That said, Bonesaw's agnosia plague did seemingly affect him. He also is not immune to body control powers such as Khepri.
